0.  GIF     256 Colours
    JPEG    16.7 million Colours
    PNG     256 Colours
    BMP     256 Colours
1.  GIF
2.  LOSSY       -"Reduces a file by permanently eliminating certain information, especially redundant information"
    LOSSLESS    -"Every single bit of data that was originally in the file remains after the file is uncompressed" 
    (http://whatis.techtarget.com/definition/lossless-and-lossy-compression)
3.  LOSSY
    -JPEG
    LOSSLESS
    -GIF
    -BMP
    -PNG
4.  Two things occur with the actual file data never touched:
    i) The system modifies the filename's first character int eh file's directory entry to signal that the file has been deleted and that the directory entry can be recycled.
    ii) The system moves all of the files' FAT clusters to the hard drive's list of free clusters. 
5.  -Physically destroying the device, rendering it unusable
    -Degaussing the device to randomize the magnetic domains, often making it unusable
    -Overwriting the drive's data so it cannot be recovered
6.  "<stdint.h> is a header file in the C standard library that allows programmers to write more portable code by providing a set of typedefs that specify exact-width integer types, together with the defined minimum and maximum allowable values for each type, using macros
7.  The number indicates how much data you want to use, good for BIT HEADERS
8.  BYTE    1 Byte  8 Bits
    DWORD   4 Bytes 32 Bits
    LONG    4 Bytes 32 Unsigned Bits
    WORD    2 Bytes 16 Bits
9.  A WORD (2 Bytes) denoting file size, bfType set to BM (0x4D42)
10. bfSize  size of the bitmap file, in bytes (entire size of file)
    biSize  size of the structure, in bytes (size of BITMAPINFOHEADER)
11. +biHeight   Origins of bitmap is lower left corner because it's bottom-up device independent bitmap (DIB)
    -biHeight   Origins of the bitmap is upper left corner because it's top-down device independent bitmap (DIB)
12. biBitCount
13. fopen will return NULL
14. It indicates how many elements we want to read, in this case we only want to read one element or just one struct.
15. biWidth is the width of the bitmap in pixels
    If width is 3, padding is necessary to make it a multiple of 4
    3 pixels & 3 bytes per pixel = 9 bytes
    We need a padding of 3 bytes to bring the scanline to 12 bytes, a multiple of 4
16. fseek skips over padding and looks for the next pixel (RGB triple)
17. SEEK_CUR is an integer constant used in fseek to set the offset relative tot eh current pointer position
18. TODO
